=pod

=head1 SDRAM CONTROLLER

These are the design files for the SDRAM controller core and the surrounding application that
uses the core to test the SDRAM on the XESS FPGA boards.

You can find application notes about the SDRAM controller at
http://www.xess.com/ho03000.html.

=head1 APPLICATION DIRECTORY TREE

  top ---+
         |
         +--- XS_LIB
         |
         +--- XSA ---+
         |           |
         |           +---XSA_LIB
         |           |
         |           +---50  -----+
         |           |            |
         |           |            +--- test_board
         |           |
         |           +---100 -----+
         |           |            |
         |           |            +--- test_board
         |           |
         |           +---200 -----+
         |           |            |
         |           |            +--- test_board
         |           |
         |           +---3S1000---+
         |                        |
         |                        +--- test_board
         |            
         +--- XSB ---+
                     |
                     +---XSB_LIB
                     |
                     +---300E-----+
                                  |
                                  +--- test_board
                     
The content of each subdirectory is listed below. 

=over

=item * XS_LIB

This directory stores the VHDL files for all cores that are applicable to all models
of XESS FPGA boards.  This includes the SDRAM controller core.

=item * XSA

This directory stores all the project directories for all the models of XSA Boards.

=item * XSA_LIB

This directory stores the VHDL files for all cores that have been customized for the
XSA Boards.  This includes the SDRAM controller core and the core for testing the SDRAM.

=item * 50, 100, 200, 3S1000

Each of these directories stores the project directories for a particular model of
XSA Board: XSA-50, XSA-100, XSA-200 or XSA-3S1000.

=item * XSB

This directory stores all the project directories for all the models of XSB Boards.

=item * XSB_LIB

This directory stores the VHDL files for all cores that have been customized for the
XSB Boards.  This includes the core for testing the SDRAM.

=item * 300E

Each of these directories stores the project directories for a particular model of
XSB Board: XSB-300E.

=item * test_board:

This directory contains a test_board.vhd file that instantiates the SDRAM test module
for a particular model of XESS FPGA board.  The test_board.ucf file stores the appropriate
pin assignments for the board.  The test_board.npl file allows you to rebuild the application
using WebPACK.  The resulting test_board.bit file can be downloaded to the FPGA board to
test the SDRAM.

=back


=head1 AUTHOR

Dave Vanden Bout, X Engineering Software Systems Corp.

Send bug reports to bugs@xess.com.


=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2005 by X Engineering Software Systems Corporation.

These applications can be freely distributed and modified
as long as you do not remove the attributions to the author or his employer.


=head1 HISTORY

=item Version 1.4 - 07/12/05

=over

=item *

Added CLK_DIV generic parameter to set divisor for the SDRAM and clk1x clocks.

=item *

Added MULTIPLE_ACTIVE_ROWS generic paramter to enable/disable the circuitry that stores the active
row in each SDRAM bank.

=back

=item Version 1.3 - 06/27/05

=over

=item *

All SDRAM controller I/O signals are now of type std_logic or std_logic_vector.

=item *

Each bank in the SDRAM now has an independent active row.

=back

=item Version 1.2 - 04/22/04

=over

=item *

Pipelined read/write operations are now supported.

=back

=item Version 1.1 - 03/17/04

  

=item Version 1.0 - 09/27/01

=over

=item *

Initial revision.

=back


=cut
